U.S. Department of Education: Financial Aid Shopping Sheet Updated to Provide
Students with More Transparency December 13, 2013 By Michael Itzkowitz In the
summer of 2012, the Obama Administration introduced the Financial Aid Shopping
Sheet so that families could have a clear, concise way to see the cost of a
particular school. The Shopping Sheet provides a standardized award letter
allowing students to easily compare financial aid packages and make informed
decisions on where to attend college. An example of the information on the
Shopping Sheet So far, nearly 2,000 institutions have committed to providing
the Shopping Sheet to their prospective students. Those institutions represent
over 43 percent of, or over 8.1 million, undergraduate students across the
United States. Since institutions started adopting the Shopping Sheet, weâ€™ve
received input from students, parents, guidance counselors, and financial aid
administrators. The feedback suggests that institutions and students are
becoming more familiar with the Shopping Sheet, so the newest edition of the
Shopping Sheet includes only modest changes. To improve clarity, ED has
identified minor language changes and has added a glossary to better explain
financial aid terms. Additionally, data used to populate college outcomes used
on the Shopping Sheet (graduation rate, loan default rate, and median
borrowing) have also been updated to be one year more current. Through the
release of college search and transparency tools, such as the College
Scorecard, Financial Aid Toolkit, and the Financial Aid Shopping Sheet, the
Obama Administration continues to demonstrate its commitment to improving
transparency in the college selection process. Institutions interested in
adopting the Shopping Sheet may contact the U.S. Department of Education at
ShoppingSheet@ed.gov. For more information on the Shopping Sheet, including a
list of participating institutions, visit www.ed.gov/financial-aid-shopping-
sheet. View original post on the U.S. Department of Education Homeroom blog By
Michael Itzkowitz

