New Tools to Support Students in Preparing for College and a Call for
Innovative Ideas December 12, 2013 By Martha Kanter and David Soo Last August,
President Obama outlined an ambitious plan to increase value and affordability
in postsecondary education. There were a number of commitments he made in his
proposal, and, today, the U.S. Department of Education is announcing further
action on the President’s initiatives. President Obama told students and
families that helping to ensure their debt is manageable is a priority, and
equipping counselors and advisers with the resources they need to help
students prepare for higher education and understand college costs is a key
component. To meet these goals, the Department has launched a “one-stop shop”
for guidance counselors, college advisers, mentors and volunteers to assist
students through the process of choosing and financing their higher education.
The Financial Aid Toolkit, available at FinancialAidToolkit.ed.gov,
consolidates financial aid resources and content into a searchable online
database. That makes it easy for individuals to quickly access the information
they need to support students on their path to college, including details on
how to apply for financial aid along with presentations, brochures and videos.
By equipping counselors and advisers with financial aid information in an
easy-to-use format, we can help to ensure that current and potential students
get the assistance they need to successfully navigate the process of planning
and paying for a postsecondary education. Read more on Homeroom Blog By Martha
Kanter, U.S. Under Secretary of Education, and David Soo, Senior Policy
Adviser, Office of the Under Secretary By Martha Kanter, U.S. Under Secretary
of Education, and David Soo, Senior Policy Adviser, Office of the Under
Secretary

